i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/mobile/forgot-security-code.md, before:

---
id: forgot-security-code
title: Request recovery security code email
---

## Method

#### /mobile/recovery-pin-code

`POST` https://api.z-api.io/instances/YOUR_INSTANCE/token/YOUR_TOKEN/mobile/recovery-pin-code

### Header

|      Key       |            Value            |
| :------------: |     :-----------------:     |
|  Client-Token  | **[ACCOUNT SECURITY TOKEN](../security/client-token)** |
---

## Concept

Method used to request an email for recovery of your account's PIN code. This method is only necessary if you have set up two-step verification on WhatsApp and no longer remember this code. If this is your case, you need to confirm this PIN code, otherwise, it will not be possible to connect the number to a mobile instance.

---

## Attributes

### Obrigatórios

| Attributes | Type | Descrição |
| :-------- | :--: | :-- |
| code      | string | Two-step verification PIN code |

---

## Response

### 200

| Attributes   | Type     | Description |
| :--------   | :------  | :-------- |
| success     | boolean  | Returns true if the email for recovery has been sent |


### Example

```json
{
    "success": true
}
```

### 400

Invalid request. Check if the data you are sending is in accordance with the documentation above.

### 405

In this case, make sure you are correctly sending the method specification, i.e., check if you sent the POST or GET as specified at the beginning of this topic.

### 415

If you receive a 415 error, make sure to add the "Content-Type" of the object you are sending to the headers of the request, mostly "application/json"


## Code

<iframe src="//api.apiembed.com/?source=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Z-API/z-api-docs/main/json-examples/forgot-security-code.json&targets=all" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" width="100%" height="500px" seamless></iframe>

Commit message:

add api to confirm and recovery PIN code

i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/mobile/forgot-security-code.md, after:

---
id: forgot-security-code
title: Recovery PIN code
---

## Method

#### /mobile/recovery-pin-code

`POST` https://api.z-api.io/instances/YOUR_INSTANCE/token/YOUR_TOKEN/mobile/recovery-pin-code

### Header

|      Key       |            Value            |
| :------------: |     :-----------------:     |
|  Client-Token  | **[ACCOUNT SECURITY TOKEN](../security/client-token)** |
---

## Concept

Method used to request an email for recovery of your account's PIN code. This method is only necessary if you have set up two-step verification on WhatsApp and no longer remember this code. This way, WhatsApp will send a link to reset the PIN code in the email that you linked to your WhatsApp account.

---

## Response

### 200

| Attributes   | Type    | Description |
| :--------   | :------  | :-------- |
| success     | boolean  | Returns true if the email for recovery has been sent |


### Example

```json
{
    "success": true
}
```

### 400

Invalid request. Check if the data you are sending is in accordance with the documentation above.

### 405

In this case, make sure you are correctly sending the method specification, i.e., check if you sent the POST or GET as specified at the beginning of this topic.

### 415

If you receive a 415 error, make sure to add the "Content-Type" of the object you are sending to the headers of the request, mostly "application/json"


## Code

<iframe src="//api.apiembed.com/?source=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Z-API/z-api-docs/main/json-examples/forgot-security-code.json&targets=all" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" width="100%" height="500px" seamless></iframe>
