i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/message/send-order.md, before:

---
id: send-message-order
title: Send order message
---

## Method

#### /send-order

`POST` https://api.z-api.io/instances/YOUR_INSTANCE/token/YOUR_TOKEN/send-order

### Header

|      Key       |            Value            |
| :------------: |     :-----------------:     |
|  Client-Token  | **[ACCOUNT SECURITY TOKEN](../security/client-token)** |
---

## Concept

With this method, you can send order messages containing products from your catalog or custom products created at the time of sending.

:::important Important
This method is available only for WhatsApp Business accounts.
:::

---

## Attributes

### Required

| Attribute | Type   | Description |
| :------   | :----: | :------   |
| phone     | string | Recipient's phone number in the format DDI DDD NUMBER, e.g., 551199999999. **IMPORTANT**: Send only numbers, without formatting or masks. |
| order     | object | Information about the order to be sent |
| paymentSettings   | object | Payment settings (only PIX available so far) |

Object (order)

| Attribute | Type         | Description     |
| :------   | :----------: | :-------------  |
| currency  | string       | Currency code   |
| products  | array object | Information about products related to the order |

Object (products)

| Attribute | Type         | Description   |
| :------   | :----------: | :------------ |
| name      | string       | Product name  |
| value     | number       | Product value |
| quantity  | number       | Quantity      |

### Optional

Object (order)

| Attribute | Type         | Description       |
| :------   | :----------: | :---------------  |
| discount  | number       | Discount amount   |
| tax       | number       | Tax amount        |
| shipping  | number       | Shipping cost     |

Object (products)

| Attribute | Type         | Description                    |
| :------   | :----------: | :--------------------------- |
| productId | string       | Catalog product ID    |

Object (paymentSettings)

| Atributos | Tipo         | Descrição                 |
| :------   | :----------: | :-----------------------  |
| pix       | object       | Information about PIX key |

Object (pix)

| Atributos | Tipo         | Descrição       |
| :------   | :----------: | :-------------- |
| key       | string       | PIX Key         |
| keyType   | string       | Key type (cpf, cnpj, phone, email, randomKey) |
| name      | string       | Key name        |

---

## Request Body

### Including optional parameters

```json
{
    "phone": "554499999999",
    "order": {
        "currency": "BRL",
        "discount": 10,
        "tax": 10,
        "shipping": 5,
        "products": [
            {
                "productId": "23940797548900636",
                "name": "Product Name",
                "value": 10,
                "quantity": 2
            }
        ]
    },
    "paymentSettings": {
        "pix": {
            "key": "PIX Key",
            "keyType": "Key type (cpf | cnpj | phone | email | randomKey)",
            "name": "Key name"
        }
    }
}
```

### Only required parameters

```json
{
    "phone": "554499999999",
    "order": {
        "currency": "BRL",
        "products": [
            {
                "name": "Product Name",
                "value": 150,
                "quantity": 1
            }
        ]
    }
}
```

:::tip Tip
When sending a product in the "products" list without the "productId" attribute, it is considered a "custom product." It receives an ID to be used in the context of this order, which is returned in the webhook of **[ReceivedCallback](../webhooks/on-message-received#send-order-return-example)** and should be used for order status updates.
:::

## Response

### 200

| Attribute | Type   | Description      |
| :-------- | :----- | :------------- |
| zaapId    | string | z-api ID    |
| messageId | string | WhatsApp ID |
| id        | string | Added for compatibility with Zapier; it has the same value as messageId |

Example

```json
{
  "zaapId": "3999984263738042930CD6ECDE9VDWSA",
  "messageId": "D241XXXX732339502B68",
  "id": "D241XXXX732339502B68"
}
```

### 405

In this case, ensure that you are correctly following the method specification, i.e., check if you sent the POST or GET as specified at the beginning of this topic.

### 415

If you receive a 415 error, make sure to add the "Content-Type" of the object you are sending to the request headers, which is usually "application/json."

---

## Webhook Response

Link to the webhook response (upon receiving)

[Webhook](../webhooks/on-message-received#send-order-return-example)

---

## Code

<iframe src="//api.apiembed.com/?source=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Z-API/z-api-docs/main/json-examples/send-order.json&targets=all" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" width="100%" height="500px" seamless></iframe>

Commit message:

add card payment method in order message

i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/message/send-order.md, after:

---
id: send-message-order
title: Send order message
---

## Method

#### /send-order

`POST` https://api.z-api.io/instances/YOUR_INSTANCE/token/YOUR_TOKEN/send-order

### Header

|      Key       |            Value            |
| :------------: |     :-----------------:     |
|  Client-Token  | **[ACCOUNT SECURITY TOKEN](../security/client-token)** |
---

## Concept

With this method, you can send order messages containing products from your catalog or custom products created at the time of sending.

:::important Important
This method is available only for WhatsApp Business accounts.
:::

---

## Attributes

### Required

| Attribute        | Type   | Description |
| :------          | :----: | :------   |
| phone            | string | Recipient's phone number in the format DDI DDD NUMBER, e.g., 551199999999. **IMPORTANT**: Send only numbers, without formatting or masks. |
| order            | object | Information about the order to be sent |
| paymentSettings  | object | Payment settings (for cards to work, it must be configured in the WhatsApp account on the cell phone) |

Object (order)

| Attribute | Type         | Description     |
| :------   | :----------: | :-------------  |
| currency  | string       | Currency code   |
| products  | array object | Information about products related to the order |

Object (products)

| Attribute | Type         | Description   |
| :------   | :----------: | :------------ |
| name      | string       | Product name  |
| value     | number       | Product value |
| quantity  | number       | Quantity      |

### Optional

Object (order)

| Attribute | Type         | Description       |
| :------   | :----------: | :---------------  |
| discount  | number       | Discount amount   |
| tax       | number       | Tax amount        |
| shipping  | number       | Shipping cost     |

Object (products)

| Attribute | Type         | Description                    |
| :------   | :----------: | :--------------------------- |
| productId | string       | Catalog product ID    |

Object (paymentSettings)

| Atributos | Tipo         | Descrição                 |
| :------   | :----------: | :-----------------------  |
| pix       | object       | Information about PIX key |
| card      | object       | Enable card payment       |

Object (pix)

| Atributos | Tipo         | Descrição       |
| :------   | :----------: | :-------------- |
| key       | string       | PIX Key         |
| keyType   | string       | Key type (cpf, cnpj, phone, email, randomKey) |
| name      | string       | Key name        |

Object (card)

| Atributos | Tipo         | Descrição         |
| :------   | :----------: | :---------------  |
| enabled   | boolean      | Enable card payment |

---

## Request Body

### Including optional parameters

```json
{
    "phone": "554499999999",
    "order": {
        "currency": "BRL",
        "discount": 10,
        "tax": 10,
        "shipping": 5,
        "products": [
            {
                "productId": "23940797548900636",
                "name": "Product Name",
                "value": 10,
                "quantity": 2
            }
        ]
    },
    "paymentSettings": {
        "pix": {
            "key": "PIX Key",
            "keyType": "Key type (cpf | cnpj | phone | email | randomKey)",
            "name": "Key name"
        },
        "card": {
            "enabled": true
        }
    }
}
```

### Only required parameters

```json
{
    "phone": "554499999999",
    "order": {
        "currency": "BRL",
        "products": [
            {
                "name": "Product Name",
                "value": 150,
                "quantity": 1
            }
        ]
    }
}
```

:::tip Tip
When sending a product in the "products" list without the "productId" attribute, it is considered a "custom product." It receives an ID to be used in the context of this order, which is returned in the webhook of **[ReceivedCallback](../webhooks/on-message-received#send-order-return-example)** and should be used for order status updates.
:::

## Response

### 200

| Attribute | Type   | Description      |
| :-------- | :----- | :------------- |
| zaapId    | string | z-api ID    |
| messageId | string | WhatsApp ID |
| id        | string | Added for compatibility with Zapier; it has the same value as messageId |

Example

```json
{
  "zaapId": "3999984263738042930CD6ECDE9VDWSA",
  "messageId": "D241XXXX732339502B68",
  "id": "D241XXXX732339502B68"
}
```

### 405

In this case, ensure that you are correctly following the method specification, i.e., check if you sent the POST or GET as specified at the beginning of this topic.

### 415

If you receive a 415 error, make sure to add the "Content-Type" of the object you are sending to the request headers, which is usually "application/json."

---

## Webhook Response

Link to the webhook response (upon receiving)

[Webhook](../webhooks/on-message-received#send-order-return-example)

---

## Code

<iframe src="//api.apiembed.com/?source=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Z-API/z-api-docs/main/json-examples/send-order.json&targets=all" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" width="100%" height="500px" seamless></iframe>
