i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/webhooks/on-whatsapp-disconnected.md, before:

---
id: on-whatsapp-disconnected
title: When disconnecting
---

## Concept

This webhook is responsible for disconnecting 

:::caution Attention

Z-API does not accept webhooks that aren’t HTTPS

:::

---

## Updating the webhook 

To update the webhook route, you can do it through the API or through the admin panel.

### API

#### /update-webhook-disconnected

`PUT` https://api.z-api.io/instances/YOUR_INSTANCE/token/YOUR_TOKEN/update-webhook-disconnected

### Header

|      Key       |            Value            |
| :------------: |     :-----------------:     |
|  Client-Token  | **[ACCOUNT SECURITY TOKEN](../security/client-token)** |

---

#### Request Body

```json
{
  "value": "https://endereco-do-seu-sistema.com.br/instancia/SUA_INSTANCIA/disconnected"
}
```

---

### Administrative panel 

![img](../../../../../img/disconnected.png)

---

## Webhook's return 

The possible returns of the **on-whatsapp-disconnected** webhook are registered below:

## Response

| Attributes| Type| Description |
| :-- | :-: | :-- |
| momment | integer | Time when the instance was disconnected from the number. |
| error | string | Error’s description  |
| disconnected | boolean | Indication whether the instance is connected with the number or not. |
| type | string | Instance event type, in this case it will be "DisconnectedCallback". |

---

### 200

```json
{
  "momment": 1580163342,
  "error": "Device has been disconnected",
  "disconnected": true,
  "type": "DisconnectedCallback",
  "instanceId": "instance.id"
}
```

### 405

In this case certify that you are sending the correct specification of the method. This means, verify if you sent a POST or PUT as specified at the beginning of this topic.

### 415

In case you receive 415 error, make sure to add the “Content-Type” of the object you are sending in the request headers, mostly “application/json”

<!--
## Code

<iframe src="//api.apiembed.com/?source=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Z-API/z-api-docs/main/json-examples/on-whatsapp-disconnected.json&targets=all" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" width="100%" height="500px" seamless></iframe> -->

Commit message:

ZA-260 feat: documentation about new endpoint of update every webhooks

i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/webhooks/on-whatsapp-disconnected.md, after:

---
id: on-whatsapp-disconnected
title: When disconnecting
---

## Concept

This webhook is responsible for disconnecting 

:::caution Attention

Z-API does not accept webhooks that aren’t HTTPS

:::

---

## Updating the webhook 

To update the webhook route, you can do it through the API or through the admin panel.

:::tip Tip

You can change all webhooks at once to the same value using the following route:

`PUT` https://api.z-api.io/instances/SUA_INSTANCIA/token/SEU_TOKEN/update-every-webhooks

:::

### API

#### /update-webhook-disconnected

`PUT` https://api.z-api.io/instances/YOUR_INSTANCE/token/YOUR_TOKEN/update-webhook-disconnected

### Header

|      Key       |            Value            |
| :------------: |     :-----------------:     |
|  Client-Token  | **[ACCOUNT SECURITY TOKEN](../security/client-token)** |

---

#### Request Body

```json
{
  "value": "https://endereco-do-seu-sistema.com.br/instancia/SUA_INSTANCIA/disconnected"
}
```

---

### Administrative panel 

![img](../../../../../img/disconnected.png)

---

## Webhook's return 

The possible returns of the **on-whatsapp-disconnected** webhook are registered below:

## Response

| Attributes| Type| Description |
| :-- | :-: | :-- |
| momment | integer | Time when the instance was disconnected from the number. |
| error | string | Error’s description  |
| disconnected | boolean | Indication whether the instance is connected with the number or not. |
| type | string | Instance event type, in this case it will be "DisconnectedCallback". |

---

### 200

```json
{
  "momment": 1580163342,
  "error": "Device has been disconnected",
  "disconnected": true,
  "type": "DisconnectedCallback",
  "instanceId": "instance.id"
}
```

### 405

In this case certify that you are sending the correct specification of the method. This means, verify if you sent a POST or PUT as specified at the beginning of this topic.

### 415

In case you receive 415 error, make sure to add the “Content-Type” of the object you are sending in the request headers, mostly “application/json”

<!--
## Code

<iframe src="//api.apiembed.com/?source=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Z-API/z-api-docs/main/json-examples/on-whatsapp-disconnected.json&targets=all" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" width="100%" height="500px" seamless></iframe> -->
