i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/instance/auto-read-status.md, before:

---
id: update-auto-read-status
title: Auto-reading status
---

## Concept

This method activates the automatic reading of all status posts received through the API.

### Header

|      Key       |            Value            |
| :------------: |     :-----------------:     |
|  Client-Token  | **[ACCOUNT SECURITY TOKEN](../security/client-token)** |

---

### Method

#### /update-auto-read-status

`PUT` https://api.z-api.io/instances/YOUR_INSTANCE/token/YOUR_TOKEN/update-auto-read-status

#### Request Body

```json
{
  "value": true or false
}
```

---

### Admin Panel

![img](../../../../../img/auto-read-status.jpeg)

---

## Response

### 200

```json
{
  "value": true
}
```

### 405

In this case certify that you are sending the correct specification of the method. This means, verify if you sent a PUT or POST as specified at the beginning of this topic.

### 415

In case you receive 415 error, make sure to add the “Content-Type” of the object you are sending in the request headers, mostly “application/json”

---

Commit message:

update: add alert that the auto read must be enabled for auto read status to work

i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/instance/auto-read-status.md, after:

---
id: update-auto-read-status
title: Auto-reading status
---

## Concept

This method activates the automatic reading of all status posts received through the API.

:::caution Caution

In order for it to work you will need to have [Auto reading](./auto-read.md) enabled.

:::

### Header

|      Key       |            Value            |
| :------------: |     :-----------------:     |
|  Client-Token  | **[ACCOUNT SECURITY TOKEN](../security/client-token)** |

---

### Method

#### /update-auto-read-status

`PUT` https://api.z-api.io/instances/YOUR_INSTANCE/token/YOUR_TOKEN/update-auto-read-status

#### Request Body

```json
{
  "value": true or false
}
```

---

### Admin Panel

![img](../../../../../img/auto-read-status.jpeg)

---

## Response

### 200

```json
{
  "value": true
}
```

### 405

In this case certify that you are sending the correct specification of the method. This means, verify if you sent a PUT or POST as specified at the beginning of this topic.

### 415

In case you receive 415 error, make sure to add the “Content-Type” of the object you are sending in the request headers, mostly “application/json”

---
